Tutorial crossplanes (#2338)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/fleet-management/insfrastructure-management/crossplane/overview/index.md

`Crossplane` also acts as a Kubernetes Controller to monitor the state of the external resources and provide state enforcement.
If something modifies or deletes a resource outside of Kubernetes, `Crossplane` reverses the change or recreates the deleted resource.

It [officially supports](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers?tier=official) major cloud providers like `aws`, `azure`, `gcp`.

There are also an increasing number of [community providers](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers?tier=community) getting available.

## Architecture

`Crossplane` itself is a core set of [Kubernetes operators](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) that manage so called `providers`.

Providers are the cloud provider specific extensions to core `Crossplane` that offer a set of Kubernetes CRDs that describe cloud resources and the operators to create, update, maintain the state and delete these resources.

### Notable features

> - [Provider Configs](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/providers/#configuring-providers) is an excellent way to manage the actor (access keys, roles, identities) handling given resources down to the individual level

Author: ```suggestion
- [Provider configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/providers/#provider-configuration) is an excellent way to manage the actor (access keys, roles, identities) handling given resources down to the individual level
```

- [Composite Resources](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/composition/) is collection of other resources that can be offered by your devops team to developers to make it easier to bring up common infrastructure for application

## Giant Swarm managed solution

Giant Swarm offers a [managed core crossplane](https://github.com/giantswarm/crossplane/) and a set of
supported providers that we install on-demand to the management clusters:

- the [official AWS provider](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/upbound/provider-aws/latest)
- the [official Azure provider](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/upbound/provider-azure/latest)
- the [official GCP provider](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/upbound/provider-gcp/latest)

Configuring access keys, roles, identities - `ProviderConfig`s, see example below - and their scope of what they can access on the cloud provider account is managed by the customer.

### Example usage

> An example of creating - and maintaining the state of - an AWS S3 bucket via the official AWS provider you first need to create a config for the provider that will be used to manage the resource:

Author: ```suggestion
As an example of creating - and maintaining the state of - an AWS S3 bucket via the official AWS provider, you first need to create a configuration for the provider that will be used to manage the resource:
```
